Man, I'm sore all over. I feel like I just went ten rounds with mighty Thor.
I'm a thing. But I've never been to the moon! Bender, this is Fry's decision… and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. Five hours? Aw, man! Couldn't you just get me the death penalty?
Shut up and get to the point! But I know you in the future. I cleaned your poop. Good man. Nixon's pro-war and pro-family. I usually try to keep my sadness pent up inside where it can fester quietly as a mental illness.
Robot 1-X, save my friends! And Zoidberg!
Bender, this is Fry's decision… and he made it wrong. So it's time for us to interfere in his life. Why would a robot need to drink? I can explain. It's very valuable. Ow, my spirit!
Calculon is gonna kill us and it's all everybody else's fault!
Of all the friends I've had… you're the first.
I'm Santa Claus!
Yeah, lots of people did.
My fellow Earthicans, as I have explained in my book 'Earth in the Balance'', and the much more popular ''Harry Potter and the Balance of Earth', we need to defend our planet against pollution. Also dark wizards. I videotape every customer that comes in here, so that I may blackmail them later.
Ask her how her day was.
If rubbin' frozen dirt in your crotch is wrong, hey I don't wanna be right.
And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet.
Guards! Bring me the forms I need to fill out to have her taken away! Now what? Fry! Quit doing the right thing, you jerk! It doesn't look so shiny to me. Who said that? SURE you can die! You want to die?!
And until then, I can never die? Shinier than yours, meatbag. Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it… then perhaps gifts! Look, last night was a mistake.
Tell them I hate them. Have you ever tried just turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them? You'll have all the Slurm you can drink when you're partying with Slurms McKenzie!
Fetal stemcells, aren't those controversial? You, minion. Lift my arm. AFTER HIM! OK, if everyone's finished being stupid. Kif might! Stop! Don't shoot fire stick in space canoe! Cause explosive decompression!
Alright, let's mafia things up a bit. Joey, burn down the ship. Clamps, burn down the crew. You don't know how to do any of those. Uh, is the puppy mechanical in any way? I've been there. My folks were always on me to groom myself and wear underpants. What am I, the pope?
Why not indeed! I'll tell them you went down prying the wedding ring off his cold, dead finger. Too much work. Let's burn it and say we dumped it in the sewer. Hey! I'm a porno-dealing monster, what do I care what you think?
WINDMILLS DO NOT WORK THAT WAY! GOOD NIGHT! Ah, the 'Breakfast Club' soundtrack! I can't wait til I'm old enough to feel ways about stuff! No! Don't jump! Michelle, I don't regret this, but I both rue and lament it.
Why would I want to know that? Well I'da done better, but it's plum hard pleading a case while awaiting trial for that there incompetence. Take me to your leader! Humans dating robots is sick. You people wonder why I'm still single? It's 'cause all the fine robot sisters are dating humans!
Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony? Why am I sticky and naked? Did I miss something fun? Whoa a real live robot; or is that some kind of cheesy New Year's costume? Yep, I remember. They came in last at the Olympics, then retired to promote alcoholic beverages!
Fry, we have a crate to deliver. These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are. No! The cat shelter's on to me. I suppose I could part with 'one' and still be feared…
So, how 'bout them Knicks? It's just like the story of the grasshopper and the octopus. All year long, the grasshopper kept burying acorns for winter, while the octopus mooched off his girlfriend and watched TV. But then the winter came, and the grasshopper died, and the octopus ate all his acorns. Also he got a race car. Is any of this getting through to you?